Recursively evolve nested attrs classes (#759)
python-attrs/attrs: docs/examples.rst

   >>> i1 == i2
   False

This functions also works for nested ``attrs`` classes.

> You just pass a (possibly nested) dict with changes for an attribute:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass a (possibly nested) dictionary with changes for an attribute:
```
